[16.0][ADD] stock_release_channel_shipment_advice_process_end_time (#572)
OCA/wms: stock_release_channel_shipment_advice_process_end_time/readme/USAGE.rst

To set the delay time you have three options:

> 1. Go to inventory settings and set a global delay time for all channels.
> 2. Set a specific delay by warehouse.
> 3. Set the delay at the release channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set a specific default delay on the warehouse.
2. Set the delay at the release channel.
```
